Update v1 docs (#1447)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/1-0-preview.md

This makes [user management](/user-management/) mandatory, and removes support for other methods such as BasicAuth and JWT. It will include a change to n8n Cloud pricing plans to make user management is available to all tiers. Some tiers may still be limited to one user.

### Deprecation of MySQL and MariaDB as n8n backend databases

> Usage of MySQL or MariaDB is disencouraged and can be removed in the future. Support will continue after vv1 has been released but we recommend you migrating to PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We advise against using MySQL or MariaDB as their support will be phased out in the future. Instead, we highly recommend migrating to PostgreSQL for better compatibility and long-term support.
```

> Usage of MySQL or MariaDB is disencouraged and can be removed in the future. Support will continue after vv1 has been released but we recommend you migrating to PostgreSQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Usage of MySQL or MariaDB is discouraged and can be removed in the future. Support will continue after v1 has been released but we recommend you migrating to PostgreSQL.
```

> We advise against using MySQL or MariaDB as their support will be phased out in the future. Instead, we highly recommend migrating to PostgreSQL for better compatibility and long-term support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
n8n advises against using MySQL or MariaDB as their support will be phased out in the future. Instead, migrate to PostgreSQL for better compatibility and long-term support.
```

### Main mode as default

> n8n will now run in `main` mode by default and `own` mode will be completely removed. Refer to [Execute all workflows in the same process](/hosting/environment-variables/configuration-methods/#execute-all-workflows-in-the-same-process) for more information on own and main mode. You should use [Queue mode](/hosting/scaling/queue-mode/) if you need scalability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v1.0, n8n will operate in `main` mode as the default option, and `own` mode will eventually be phased out. For detailed insights on `own` and `main` mode, please refer to the section on [Executing all workflows in the same process](/hosting/environment-variables/configuration-methods/#execute-all-workflows-in-the-same-process). If scalability is a requirement, it is recommended to utilize the [Queue mode](/hosting/scaling/queue-mode/).
```

Author: About this topic, we're completely removing `own` mode, so maybe we should leave it clear that `main` is the default and only mode and if you want scalability, consider `queue`. WDYT?

Your suggestion says that `own` will eventually be phased out but it's actually planned for full removal in 1.0

Reviewer: Wait, as far as I'm aware we're only deprecating `own` mode and making `main` the default. We're not removing `own` yet.

> Starting from v1.0, n8n will operate in `main` mode as the default option, and `own` mode will eventually be phased out. For detailed insights on `own` and `main` mode, please refer to the section on [Executing all workflows in the same process](/hosting/environment-variables/configuration-methods/#execute-all-workflows-in-the-same-process). If scalability is a requirement, it is recommended to utilize the [Queue mode](/hosting/scaling/queue-mode/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
From v1.0, n8n will operate in `main` mode as the default option, and `own` mode will eventually be phased out. For detailed insights on `own` and `main` mode, refer to the section on [Executing all workflows in the same process](/hosting/environment-variables/configuration-methods/#execute-all-workflows-in-the-same-process). If scalability is a requirement, n8n recommends using [Queue mode](/hosting/scaling/queue-mode/).
```

### New behavior for Date data transformation functions

>  View a list of [data transformation functions that operate on dates](/code-examples/expressions/data-transformation-functions/dates/). Currently, they return a Date and sometimes Datetime (from Luxon). The new behavior will ensure the return type is always a string so that node input and output can be consistent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View a list of [data transformation functions that operate on dates](/code-examples/expressions/data-transformation-functions/dates/). Currently, they return a `Date` and sometimes a Luxon `DateTime` object. The new behavior will ensure the return type is always a string so that node input and output can be consistent.
```

>  View a list of [data transformation functions that operate on dates](/code-examples/expressions/data-transformation-functions/dates/). Currently, they may return a `Date` and sometimes a Luxon `DateTime` object (from Luxon). The new behavior will ensure the return type is always a string so that node input and output can be consistent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 View a list of [data transformation functions that operate on dates](/code-examples/expressions/data-transformation-functions/dates/). Currently, they may return a `Date`  or a `DateTime` object (from Luxon). The new behavior will ensure the return type is always a string so that node input and output can be consistent.
```
